In the last lecture we configured firebase,
now let's make sure we do actually create new users through this restful API endpoint firebase gives
us.
I'm going to copy this endpoint here
and I will use it in the signup.vue file.
Now actually there, we target users.json and we are using our custom axios instance, in case you don't
know where this is coming from,
I added it in the module, the new module where I introduce axios.
It essentially is a file which creates an instance, an axios instance with our own settings which we can
use across the application
and there we can set up a base URL which is used in every file where we import and use this instance.
I plan on using this in the signup.vue file,
so I'll actually store my URL in here, in base URL, not the entire URL through, only up to relying
party, everything thereafter which is sign up new user
and then this query parameter should be cut out and moved back into signup.vue
because I want to send my post request no longer to /users.json but to sign up new user here,
this will now target this rest API provided by firebase.
Now the API key which it demands here can be found in your firebase account,
simply make sure to click on web setup here on the authentication tab and in the window which
opens, you can copy that API key.
Once you copied it, head over to your application and there, simply replace API key including the square
brackets with that key,
that is your identification criteria
so to say. Now with that, we are targeting the right endpoint, we're sending the wrong data though
and of course the data you need to send
always depends on the backend you're using.
Our backend, firebase expects to get a javascript object which has an email property, a password property
and then this return secure token property which is a boolean which should always be true as it says
here.
So we can do that,
let's change the data we send to not be our form data object but instead to be a javascript object
where email is form data e-mail,
I do have an email key there where we also have this password field it requires, form data
password and where we also have this return secure token here, this return secure token property which
should just be true.
This is the post request I want to send, this is the request which actually you should give as a valid user.
Now let's save this file and let's go back to our application,
let's head back to the running app and go to the sign up page
and now we need to enter an e-mail address which hasn't been taken yet,
I haven't signed up any user through that
firebase API,
so all email addresses should be valid. The other fields are totally up to you,
they won't be checked,
the password for firebase has to be at least six characters long
and then you don't need to check anything else,
we're not validating the form yet,
you can hit submit.
Now here I'm getting an error, that error is coming from my authorization header I'm setting on this
request right now so
let's go back to our application to axios-auth.js and let's simply comment out this global config
here as well as in the main.js file, our global authorization header, here
it's actually a problem.
So now with that, let's try this again,
let's quickly enter a valid email address and a valid password and hit submit
and now it works,
I get back a successful response. In the data I get back, I get such a token which I mentioned earlier,
I also get an additional token, a refresh token which can always be used to refresh this ID token which
is very short lived,
it only lasts one hour, expiresIn is in seconds
and the e-mail address I used. We can verify that the user was created on our firebase backend, on authentication
if we refresh this users page, here we see this email address
we just used
and a user ID which was generated automatically.
So with that, we got a way to sign users up,
now in the next lecture, let's add logic to sign them in before we then finally start working on that token
and learn how to use that token.